Update set-up-databricks-oauth.md (#5263)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-databricks-oauth.md

### Configure Databricks OAuth (Databricks admin)

To get started, you will need to [add dbt as an OAuth application](https://docs.databricks.com/en/integrations/configure-oauth-dbt.html) with Databricks. There are two ways of configuring this application (CLI or Databricks UI). Here's how you can set this up in the Databricks UI:

1. Log in to the [account console](https://accounts.cloud.databricks.com/?_ga=2.255771976.118201544.1712797799-1002575874.1704693634) and click the **Settings** icon in the sidebar.

2. On the **App connections** tab, click **Add connection**.

3. Enter the following details:
   - A name for your connection.

>    - The redirect URLs for your OAuth connection, which you can find in the followingguideline table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The redirect URLs for your OAuth connection, which you can find in the table that follows these steps.
```

>    - The redirect URLs for your OAuth connection, which you can find in the table that follows these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The redirect URLs for your OAuth connection, which you can find in the table later in this section.
```

   - For Access scopes, the APIs the application should have access to:
      - For BI applications, the SQL scope is required to allow the connected app to access Databricks SQL APIs (this is required for SQL models).
      - For applications that need to access Databricks APIs for purposes other than querying, the ALL APIs scope is required (this is required if running Python models).
   - The access token time-to-live (TTL) in minutes. Default: 60.
   - The refresh token time-to-live (TTL) in minutes. Default: 10080.
4. Select Generate a client secret, copy and securely store the client secret. You can’t retrieve the client secret later.

*Please follow the below guideline for setting up the redirect URLs for your application:

| Region | Redirect URLs |
| ------ | ----- |
| **US multi-tenant** | https://cloud.getdbt.com/callback <br /> https://cloud.getdbt.com/complete/databricks |

> | **US cell 1** | https://{account prefix}.us1.dbt.com/callback <br /> https://{account prefix}.us1.dbt.com/complete/databricks |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **US cell 1** | https://ACCOUNT_PREFIX.us1.dbt.com/callback <br /> https://ACCOUNT_PREFIX.us1.dbt.com/complete/databricks |
```
